Create SECURITY.md (#913)
http-rs/tide: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Please report security issues to `hi@jbr.me`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please report security issues to `security-2023 [at] yosh.is`
```
